# Zoink-Athrustar
An HTML and CSS project for MMP100

My character’s name is Zoink Athrustar, and he is an intergalactic researcher who has dedicated his life towards discovering materials that will sustain and inspire life across the universe to reach the highest level of peace possible across the universe.

My character is from Carpora, a planet on the outer rims of the Indelible galaxy, which is composed of planets Employed/Ran/Owned by the Corporate Construction company known as The OGDF: Outer-Galactic Design Firm. The OGDF has a never ending thirst to profit off of dominating the construction industry across the universe by harvesting the labor of an entire galaxy and through using cost cutting methods have created a radioactive and universally eco unfriendly trail of cosmic wreckage and somehow impossibly an extremely viral intergalactic parasitic species that can travel faster than the speed of light and is slowly infecting galaxies at an increasing rate.

The people of all the planets in the Indelible galaxy are seemingly oblivious of the atrocities of their patriarchal overlords and have been brainwashed for generations through the OGDF manufactured neuro chemical, OBA (Oxcytocin Bifunctional Actuator) in their main government regulated liquid sustenance (for humans that would be water). OBA along with the other drugs the OGDF puts in their citizens drinking supply attack the Oxytocin receptors in the organisms, which are chemicals released in falling in love and redirect those chemicals towards the neurotransmitters activated during the stimulation involved with menial labor. In effect, just about all citizens in the Indelible galaxy are conditioned to do three things: Work, love the system, and reproduce to create offspring that do the same. The sounds that they hear tend to be futuristic sounds of Corporate advertising and system loving conditioning messaging. Lots of beeps and boops and cheesy advertising voices. 

	Not all citizens that have lived under the reign of the OGDF have been completely susceptible to their manipulative methods, and a quarter of the way into the OGDF’s 500 year regime, a small unsupervised village accidentally was undrugged as the drinking source that is mixed with the brain altering concoction distributed through the communities internal plumbing was disrupted through some very heavy planet quakes, and unnoticed by the OGDF for several years. Feeling completely different, literally overnight, the mayor called a meeting to the city who had been completely oblivious to their own identity and purpose decided to dedicate their town to stop aiding in the construction forced upon them by OGDF, and began to invest in their own artistic infrastructure and culture that was long neglected. The small village known as Excellus began to notice the difference people in surrounding communities and planets had and had tried to wake them but there was no awaking to be had, so they moved to the small planet of Carpora within the Indelible Galaxy which seemed to be incorrectly deemed not suited for life by the OGDF and thus completely forgotten (also due to the fact that the planet is so small and nearly undetectable by any interstellar scanners).

	A few hundred years into the development of Carpora, the society had sort of grown astray from their initial place of virtue in saving the galaxy and towards a more capitalistic self preserving societal flow that projected the goal of saving the galaxy but only if it suited capitalist interests. Zoinks parents were rejectionists of this new found society and had spent their lives in truly supporting their community as farmers who live from the Carpora, and instilled values of mindfulness, empathy and honesty. Zoinks parents were initially researchers for the Carporan education department who had been on the trail of discovering an alien material fabled to be known as Osirious and had delivered neuro retransfiguring material through subvisual milecular chemicals that had been rumored to show transformative properties in the minds under the influence of the OGDF OBA infused drinking supply. Their supervisor, jealous of the possible magnitude of this discovery had banned them from researching and eventually got them fired and exiled. For years Osirous was unknown until Zoink discovered his parent’s notes on the original studies, and began to slowly obsess with the idea and eventually find his way into the rogue secret Carporan explorative research initiative known as the Free Brain Fighters. 

(Special Powers) C. Throughout Zoinks research he has been dedicated to finding more clues about Osirious and has experimented countlessly in other ways to create neuro enhancing methods, and has stumbled on a neural reconfiguration that in effect has made him aware of time in a nonlinear way meaning he can see the future and the past, and in a way and with practice can inhabit almost any point on that time continuum. Additionally he can see almost any outcome of any action, and has seen that the only way for redemption for the indelible galaxy is through the attainment of the Osirous molecule, and he eventually finds evidence in his parents notes to suggest that the molecule is found in the gems in the Caves of Alcamina, an uninhabited region of a nearby OGDF occupied planet of Kupuuza. 

Against the wishes of the Carporan Corporate Conglomerate sanctioned laws which have banned the use of outer planetary resource harvesting (for falsely informed “good” intentions). Zoink follows his heart and his intuition to go to Kupuuza where he is able to use his heightened awareness to travel through time in whatever space he is in and discovers a time thousands of years ago where the people of Kupuuza respectfully harvested Osirous from the Caves of Alcamina and lived in seemingly unattainable harmony for generations until the OGDF invaded and began in it’s planet wide supplementation of OBA. Having destroyed almost all remnants of Osirous across the planet, Zoink had discovered a place in the past where a small but healthy reserve of Osirous was not found and still grew to this day.

Zoink travels to this Kupuukan Osirous resovoir and with his small team are able to successfully outrun the OGDF Security forces that roam the planet and acquire as much Osirous as they can and return to Carpora which is the scene in which we are first shown in my Photoshop project. Zoink has found a discreet telepathic channel to communicate with the planet’s prime minister who has been for years, obliviously under control by the Carporan Corporate Conglomerate. In receiving these telepathic transmissions from Zoink, the prime minister makes a somewhat private meeting with Zoink upon his return from Kupuuza. This story truly is only the beginning of Zoink and Carporas actualization, and mission to spread Osirous across the Indelible Galaxy and return it’s citizens to their primal state of mental freedom and compassion.
